= Announcing the 2019 Apache Cassandra Summit

== Announcing the 2019 Apache Cassandra Summit

Join the Apache Cassandra community for the 2019 Apache Cassandra
Summit, hosted with ApacheCon in Las Vegas, NV (Sept 9 - 13).

'''''

=== Apache Cassandra at ApacheCon

image:/img/apachecon-2019.jpg[ApacheCon 2019]\{:style=``float: right;
width: 400px''}

For more information about other events at ApacheCon, see
https://apachecon.com/acna19/index.html[ApacheCon 2019].

 

==== Day One: Next Generation Cassandra Conference (NGCC)

NGCC (Next Generation Cassandra Conference), a one-day event for Apache
Cassandra contributors and large system operators to meet, discuss, and
plan future development in the project. NGCC will take place on
*Tuesday, September 10th*.

NGCC is an advanced event targeted toward Apache Cassandra contributors
and large system / platform operators. Content will focus on Cassandra
internals and is geared toward those with detailed knowledge of the
codebase and architecture. All are welcome to attend.

 

==== Day Two: Apache Cassandra Summit

The Apache Cassandra Summit, a one-day event for Apache Cassandra users
to meet, network, and learn about what’s new and what’s coming in
Cassandra. The Apache Cassandra Summit will be held on *Wednesday, Sept
11*.

The Apache Cassandra Summit is targeted toward a wider audience. Topics
should be interesting and accessible to those whose first introduction
to Cassandra is at this event, and those who have been active in the
community for many years.

'''''

=== Call for Presentations

We’re excited to announce the Call for Presentations is now open for
both, closing Monday, May 13 at 2pm BST (UTC+1).

 

==== Apache Cassandra Summit CFP (40-minute presentation, 5-minute Q&A) –

*Example proposals might include:* - Lessons learned operating Apache
Cassandra at scale. - Customizations and ways members of the community
have extended Apache Cassandra to make it a great fit for their use
case. - Stability improvements, performance enhancements, and new
features in an upcoming Cassandra release. - Something we haven’t
thought about that a general audience would be interested to hear.

 

==== Next Generation Cassandra Conference CFP (30-minute presentation, 15m breakout) –

*Example proposals might include:* - Presentations from contributors and
large operators covering pain points and proposals to address them -
Planned or proposed improvements in specific areas of the Apache
Cassandra codebase - Planned or proposed improvements we can make to
strengthen and empower the Apache Cassandra community. - Something we
haven’t thought about that advanced operators / contributors would be
interested to hear.

 

https://asf.jamhosted.net/cfp.html[Click here] to submit a proposal for
the Apache Cassandra Summit or NGCC.

When submitting, please ensure you select ``Cassandra'' as the category.
For NGCC submissions, please include ``NGCC Proposal'' in the ``Optional
Notes'' field.
